what's typically Vytas Vincent games
here and Power Save update sorry I meant
to do this thing earlier but my Elgato
was messing up for a little bit as you
can see my last video my Elgato is
Connor messing up but I got this under
control for a little bit is gonna come
back later and on powersave update we
have
this 2013michael let's let's go over
them you are a nerd but cash and they
added all super secret base or you
learned that where you get that let's
step over belicoso you know you already
know actually much of medicine i'm gonna
do that where can you take your abs here
they added see crash other mythical
renamed poke my reset to that mission of
bugs problem um I don't know how with
that word but I guess shining each
Pikachu you guys have a ba ba OOP they
had an oval charm they added we got poke
your eyes we got set amount of fire
experience modifier that cloning codes
language run fire bupa which I mean who
by like you can have alternate who but
you can have them in a bug that I'll
changing its a regular form same with
the energy but the entries not a form is
a mega evolution they add it yeah IV
coats the ghost tent up to x and y
groudon I'll tenneco so you can have far
more browser on without wait I wonder
what if primal Groudon primal revert
fine will revert into a super primal
Groudon I'll wonder or a primal Groudon
is able to hold i'll be over power okey
we got all these balls no homo master
ball Ultra Ball great ball ball a ball
fastball level ball little ball heavy
ball friend ball boom blox work ball
ball but every ball got nature coats the
crap the crap
let it
don't know ok there and IV comes down
here which I don't really get at all so
these are the Power Save update then
thanks for watching you guys powersave
monday i'll keep you guys active and
also